1.1	What is Artificial Intelligence?
Artificial intelligence (AI) is the ability of computers to perform tasks that require people to use their brains. This can include solving problems, identifying objects, making predictions and interacting with the world. For example, your AI voice assistant can help you from your phone. Also, self-driving cars can use AI to find the shortest path somewhere. AI can also help robots sort out orders in a large warehouse. Here, we will explain how AI works and list a few of its features.
1.2	How does AI work?
AI consists of (1) a self-learning algorithm and (2) data. An algorithm is a set of instructions that lead to a certain result, such as a recipe for baking a cake. Data here are the amount of cake recipes executed and the algorithm is the capability of baking a cake. By examining more data, you can make the algorithm better. Just like by experimenting with more recipes the better the cake will be. AI differs from other technologies because it can learn from the data given.
1.2.1	AI in practice
The function of AI may sound abstract, but it is very common in everyday life. For example, the recommendations from apps, like Netflix, are based on algorithms. Netflix can predict what you might be interested in based on what you have already watched. Movies and shows you, and others like you, have watched are the data needed for the algorithm. Another example is making a chess program to beat a human. One option would be to prepare a program (but not an AI) that includes every possible move and strategy. However, this would be limited to what strategies the programmer knows. So, how could AI help create a better chess program?
 1.2.2	Difference between AI and regular programming
When you create an AI chess program, you do not need to program all of the steps in advance. Instead, you make an algorithm that can learn from data. The data would be other chess games played by people. The algorithm analyzes all of these games to identify strategies and decisions. For a human, it would be difficult to remember so many games, but this is easy for an AI program. After the algorithm has been trained, it can then play against a human. If new data (more chess games) is not added, the algorithm will not continue to learn.
1.2.3	The role of the human remains crucial
Just because the algorithm can learn on its own, does not mean it will be good. An algorithm’s performance is based on how good the data and human programmers are. Since humans can be biased when they are programming and picking data, AI can become biased too. This can be because the datasets are incomplete or incorrect. For example, voice assistants, like Alexa, are better at understanding male voices. This is because the data used to teach the AI had more male voices.
1.3	Are machines smarter than humans?
Some people are afraid that machines using AI are smarter than us and will take over the world.  But most scientists and experts don't think so. They know that AI doesn't work in the same way as our brains. AI doesn't have to mimic our thought process to do its job. It’s like how an airplane doesn't have to flap its wings like a bird to fly. AI can store, process, and analyze a lot more information than we can, but it can't do everything we can yet.
1.3.1	The current limits and possibilities of AI
Usually, an AI is good at one thing. For example, Netflix has AI that is good at predicting what you want to watch next. But this specific AI can't guess what you want to study next. Also, AI systems can't work outside of human control yet. It is limited by what the programmer has made. We're still a long time away from having an AI system that can completely mimic a human. An AI that can mimic a complete human being is known as artificial general intelligence, which has not been developed yet. There isn't just one type of AI. AI can have different ways of doing things, each with its own strengths.