2.	The school of the future
2.1	Technology changing education
When schools had to close, face-to-face learning was replaced by online schools. New digital tools were used in online schools so that teachers and students could have classes together. Digital tools helped improve this new way of learning. On the following pages you can read examples of technologies that can be used in schools. Technology can change not only what we learn, but also how we learn.
2.2 Virtual Reality
In virtual reality (VR), you can work and interact in a completely computer-made world. An immersive VR environment is one that completely replaces the real world with a virtual one. For example, you can use VR glasses to see historical places and events from your history books. VR also allows you to change where and with whom you learn. For example, you could use VR to learn how to speak another language with a native speaker. You can also ask questions from a computer program in a VR world.
2.3	Augmented Reality
Augmented reality (AR) is technology that merges the real world and digital world. For example, Pokémon Go allows you to see Pokémon from the digital world in the real world using your phone. AR can also be used in school, such as during a lab session. Imagine using your phone to see video or text instructions overtop of lab models. AR could also give you feedback or next steps for the lab. However, one of the most exciting tools for the school of the future is to use AI to change on a student-by-student or teacher's basis. This will adapt learning for everyone to their wishes.
2.4	Different perspectives towards adaptive technologies and personalized learning
2.4.1 Learner’s perspectives
There is a long history of AI tutoring systems to help learning. These systems can suggest problems based on the learner’s ability or knowledge level. This allows each student to solve problems at their own pace. Gynzy is an example that aims to improve students' mathematical skills. When you practice math in Gynzy, you start with simple calculations, then you move on to more challenging calculations and then to new types of calculations. The app adapts to your skill level at the time. This means that your assignments are not too easy but also not too difficult.Digital learning tools are mostly used by people who are learning on their own. But collaboration skills are also important. Collaborative learning is when you work together with your peers on a school task. In collaborative learning, everyone works together to set goals and make plans, and everyone learns new things together. AI can help students work in groups by helping them set goals and make plans together, rather than giving everyone a piece of the task.
2.4.2 Teacher’s perspectives
AI can help learners, but also can help teachers. When there are a lot of students in a class, it would be helpful for an AI to determine who needs help. This will allow teachers more time to provide help instead of deciding who needs help. AI can also help teachers determine how best to help students. This allows teachers to give problems that are not too hard but not too easy.  Therefore,  further development of AI with more algorithms and data can help both students and teachers.
2.5	Learning needs are changing 
In order to understand the information provided by an AI, you need a new set of skills. For example, think about smart watches that use an accelerometer and blood flow scanner. If the algorithm uses these data to interpret that you had a bad sleep, it may prompt you to rest. However, if you feel energetic, would you listen to your body or the advice from the AI algorithm?
2.5.1	AI Literacy
Everyone needs to know about AI in order to understand the information provided by AI systems. AI literacy is a set of skills that allow someone to (1) think critically about AI technology, (2) communicate and work with AI technology, and (3) use AI technology. This means that AI cannot take the place of teachers or students. Instead, you should find out when and how a certain AI can help you learn.
2.5.2 How does your school of the future look like?
AI can best provide information at the beginning of learning or when you encounter learning challenges. The amount of guidance that the AI system provides can become less when you make progress in class. Guidance can also become less when you have the skills and knowledge to achieve your learning goal yourself. For example, the system can give you feedback when you make a mistake in a math exercise. While you know you're good at math. This makes you more careful when trying the next exercise to avoid stupid mistakes. 